Hey, you ...
tube
I don't even know where to start we've
been together for almost 12 years now
wow
and I think it's pretty clear that we
both grown and you've changed quite a
lot. When we first got together it was so
much fun so exciting it was like
anything goes
carefree. know but now there's all these
new rules that i have to follow just to
be with you. I know I know the rules are
because well you're giving me part of your
paycheck and its really generous so it
makes sense
adsense. But the money and the gifts it's
nice and all but that's not why i first
fell in love with you
there's all these people that are taking
advantage of your generosity now and
you're letting it change you
I mean since when did you like hanging
out with petty drama queens and crazy
celebrities and people that just want to
use you to get popular you know I know
you're in like the entertainment
business now and you gotta rub elbows
with these people but you treat me
differently around them
yes you do like just to see you have to
go through that algo rhythm guy what's
the name again, Al? He always makes me such
a low priority and sometimes completely
forgets about me. We practically never see
each other
no no no don't tell me that we spend
lots of time together for me it's about
quality not quantity
I mean you tell me you want to see me
daily, but what's the point of all we're
doing is opening snacks and trying to
swallow cinnamon? Maybe that's enough for
you in a relationship and i'm not saying
that that's not fun sometimes but I need
more depth. I need to feed my creativity
and I know we come across a lot of
challenges
we don't have to let those limit us and
I don't know if you noticed but a lot of
our friends are kind of mad at you too
they say you're doing everything wrong
in this relationship and I still defend
you but I'm not gonna lie I have been
tempted I mean facebook has been
flirting with me a lot these days I'm
sure you've noticed because let's face
it she sucks at keeping anything private
but she gives me a lot of attention
mine was a close call, yes, but we talked
for like six seconds that was it like
she doesn't even exist to me anymore but a
instagram is has got a lot of work done
Not gonna lie she looks great, and netflix ..... O-okay
look, look, look,  I'm sorry ,okay? I'm sorry but you
can't blame me for wanting to change if
you're going to...
If you don't want me to change then
need you to focus on us.  Ignore all the
noise and all the distractions...
All the people trying to trick you and and buy
your affection
I'm still here
Are you processing this?
Guy's, he's doing it again..
Every time we upload...
Phil! Stop it!
*laughter*
Stop!           *laughter*
Yeah, yeah, thats good, thats good
Alright, ready, ready?
*laughing*
we're gonna come across a lot of
challenges
*laughing* I got it! I got it
F*CK
Are you serious?
hey guys welcome to 2017 we hope you
enjoyed our first sketch of the new year
yeah we know it's a little different
from our normal stuff, but ah I think you know
but, we've all kind of notice that there's
been a lot of talk about YouTube these
days, if it's broken or problems, drama
view counts, all the stuff
yeah we might be a little late, um
and a lot of people have been talking about YouTube
we decided to talk to youtube
So this video was just kind of our take on it
but honestly we don't really want to get
caught up and all that stuff
Um, we just want to stay focused on making good
content, and you know, utilizing YouTube
as our platform for sharing our stories with you.
So we know that now more than ever
there's a lot of stuff to watch so
so follows us the best way you can
you know we're on Snapchat, facebook,
Instagram all that stuff. Yeah and turn
on notifications on youtube. Give us
likes if you want to see more content
and support content like ours. And one
last note i know that we've been doing
this for a really long time so I hope
you guys are enjoying what we're doing. Yeah and
if you're a new subscriber - welcome
there's a lot of videos to catch up on
so i hope you enjoy those and we got a
lot more coming up so we'll see you guys
really soon, thanks, later!